{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red26\green28\blue40;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c13333\c14902\c20784;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How to set up your environment: Android Studios with Kotlin\
\
	1. Download Android Studio Software by following the steps here: \cf2  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://developer.android.com/studio\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	2. Download the proper plug-ins: \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To do this, navigate to\'a0
\f1\b Preferenc\cf5 es
\f0\b0 \'a0>\'a0
\f1\b Plugins
\f0\b0 \'a0>\'a0
\f1\b Browse 	Repositories
\f0\b0 , search for Kotlin, and click\'a0
\f2\i\b Install
\f0\i0\b0 .  Once install is complete you will need to 	restart android studios\
	3. Clone the project from the respiratory: start off by going to https://github.com/maryvrahimis/OPerationSmile12.  After on the project git hub, follow these instructions to pull the code to 	your Android Studios. https://mydeveloperplanet.com/2017/09/14/connect-with-git-repository-in-android-studio/\
\
Now that your project is in android studios.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Download the app to a physical device from android studios:\
\
Open android studios and make sure the app can build (press the little green hammer at the top left corner of android studios )  \
\
Plug device into the computer, and then go to the DEVICE MANAGER tab on the right of the screen.  Once the device manager window/tab is open locate the word PHYSICAL  and click it, then if the device is not listed, \
	-go to the Tools section at the top of your window and then find TROUBLESHOOT DEVICE 	CONNECTIONS. From there you will click rescan devices and wait until you see a screen check and 	that the device is listed.  If still problems click next and follow the rest of the steps then go back and 	rescan for device.\
\
If it is listed: \
	-select device (Make sure it has an API above 25) and then select the device.  Then at the top of the 	window locate the green hammer and play button.  Check that the name of your device is listed in the 	box to the left of the green play button and it if its click the green play button while android device is 	unlocked.\
	\
Then just open the application, make a new registration and then you are ready to use the App!\
}